---
title: "My First"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
date: 2021-08-23
categories:
  - Post Formats
tags:
  - Post Formats
  - readability
  - standard
---

Ok. Let us start at the very beginning. So I am a Technical Writer. Even though if you asked me what this phrase meant several years ago, I would've hardly produced a decent answer.

I decided to dramatically change my career when I was 30 and a tiny little +, and I seriously did not believe I could do that - inferiority complex that accompanies every serious and dilligent girl who was born in USSR.

<!--more-->

This post has a manual excerpt `<!--more-->` set after the second paragraph. The following YAML Front Matter has also be applied:

```yaml
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
```


In my country you can't really go to the University and study technical writing. Not even in Ukrainian (yes, I'm from **Ukraine**). This is why people come into this proffesion from different backgrounds. I majored in English and French Languages and World Literature. For many years I had been working as a freelance Interpreter, Translator, and Copywriter. Even though many people love freelance because it gives them certain freedom, they feel like they are their own bosses, at some point I realised that freelancing was not my cup of tea. Instead of giving myself enough time to relax, I used to take as many projects as I could. I used to work from early morning till stupid o'clock...in the morning again. I had no weekends, no holidays, no cosy family evenings - I had loads and loads of work. The saddest thing is that the pay wasn't that good, so despite of working like a horse, I still didn't earn enough.

It all changed when one day I was nonchalantly browsing LinkedIn (searching for new customers of course) and noticed a job posting from the company who was looking for a _Technical Writer_. The word "writer" sounded familiar enough, so I decided to do a little research. I read all the vacancy descriptions I managed to find and realised that it was probably something I would like to do. Apart from the fact that the job would be familiar, I would get normal working hours, stability, holidays and all them goodies the proper job can offer.

The first obstacle I encountered was the lack of knowledge in the technical field. Everyone wanted their Technical Writers to know HTML and CSS, and have _at least_ basic knowledge of _at least_ one programming language. I obviosly didn't...

In my next post I will tell you **whether** I managed to solve this issue and what happened next.
